hello ok so I probably should have done
this one first but so I've talked about
winded ifs a little bit already and it's
this way of talking to an external ipfs
node and I just wanted to talk a little
bit about how that works and what it can
do and why it works the way it does so I
haven't prepared this orifice is a
little bit disjointed but what it
essentially does is it puts an IP FS
object on your window so you should just
be able to sorry be a girl we don't care
about if it's an object on the window
which looks like an IP FS node and you
should just be able to do stuff like ok
you should be able to cool write regular
API stuff in companion we have this idea
of like ACLs and just not allowing
anybody to just access your your ipfs
node so when you try and when a website
tries to use your ipfs node it comes out
with a CL dialog to say do you want
Google to access your things and of
course you can deny that or you can
allow it and if I allow then basically I
should be able to cool my IP first node
and I'm currently talking to a go up
your first node here on 0 for 15 but
then in companion I think if this works
I should be able to switch that over to
and embedded Jeff's IVFs node we get a
little J s sign up there so that we know
that we're talking to this stuff that
takes a little a few seconds to connect
to the things but then I should be able
to call that again
and I should get a different agent
0:29 at the moment cool right yeah
[Applause]
so I'm just gonna back for a second so I
can do stuff like it's good because it
it works and the the like technical
challenge with challenges with it is
that like the web browser extension runs
in its own process
so like the ipfs node or like like if
we're running Jeff ipfs we basically
want to share our node between lots of
websites because it has advantages such
as like it doesn't take time to download
it it will already have connected to a
whole bunch of peers and stuff like that
so that sort of has to run in a separate
process and we can't just share that
that process or that object with a web
browser like that's just not how it
works and if you look at like iframes in
the web or anything if you want to ever
talk to a different web page you always
have to do it over like a postmessage
api you have to pass messages basically
and so what we're doing to implement
this window.i PFS is we are talking over
a postmessage api to another process
which where the ipfs node is running so
when we're talking to go we're actually
talking over post message to GFI PFS api
which is talking to go when we're
talking to Jay when we've got an actual
JSI profess instance running in the web
browser we're talking over post message
directly to a jfif s so that's kind of
RAD and so this this some like to be
able to talk over that and that boundary
we need to do things like this there are
we don't always pass like things that
can be easily serialized so there's like
this whole kind of if we're passing like
a dag node or a CID instance we need to
serialize it into some sort of format
that can be passed over the post message
boundary and then deserialize it on the
other side
and so this is why the library called
hyperfest postmessage proxy exists um
and yeah so you've basically got a whole
bunch of cool stubs that make like RPC
calls over window dot fossa post message
to like the exposed api you choose which
kind of what methods of your API you can
you expose but and that and being able
to choose which methods allows us to add
things in like a CL in front of it on
the slide where it matters where so this
is like web page side and this is the
side where where the web extension is
where like where it should make
decisions and then what we're doing to
check the are like this module is doing
a good job is we're using the interface
IVFs core tests to make sure that what
what it's doing is working so we've got
tests said well this does it actually
runs spins up a browser puts an iframe
in it and then runs a GFI PFS in the
iframe uses the interface IP FS core
tests to test the call stubs which talk
to Jo scipy FS and if everything passes
then we're doing a good job and so
that's kind of what it's doing and so to
talk a little bit about so this this
module itself doesn't like implement the
the access control stuff that's kind of
implemented in companion but it allows
you to kind of put that layer in between
and then we've got stuff like for NFS
access we scoped each website into its
own folder so you transparently use NFS
as you normally would but that gets
mapped onto like dap slash your domain
name so
each website isn't overwriting each
other's files basically so again we do
that in in companion and then just show
you so the the like companion you can
drill into the permissions dialog and
you can see what has been granted like I
just granted you saw the dialog come off
and I just granted this here and I can
hopefully toggle this off to deny it or
remove it entirely and go back and I
should just not be able to call that now
yes I got denied access to call ID and
if I remove the permission entirely then
I don't
it should ask me again if I want to
allow it cool yeah cool
yeah I think you can clap yeah